# CS50_FinalProject

Project Name: Yalieats

Purpose of the Project: Yalieats is a Flask web application that is meant to make finding local restaurants and places to eat easier for Yale students. In simple terms, it's almost like the Yale equivalent of Yelp, but it's better tailored for an easier, more effective user experience. Users are able to search for restaurants and get information about the restaurant, get directions to the restaurant, be able to directly call them, and see reviews for the restaurant. However, what makes it different from other programs is that the system is designed with students' needs in mind. All of the reviews and metrics are provided by students when they submit their own reviews through the website, which keeps the information relevant and up-to-date in real time. These metrics are then used to calculate a rating that I created (The Bang For Buck rating), which weighs the portion size, price, and deliciousness rating to produce a value that tells the user how much worth they're getting out of their money. The user is also able to filter for a restaurant if they are unsure on what they want. They will be able to filter search for restaurants based on metrics such as food genre, if the restaurant is on Snackpass, and what type of environment is present in the restaurant. They will then get a tailored list of recommendations that are powered by the reviews submitted by Yale students. Basically, Yalies are helping other Yalies find the best restaurant for their needs. The more reviews, the more accurate the application becomes. Yalieats makes the restaurant search process much easier and streamlined for Yalies and will change the way Yale students find a place to eat.

What was used to create Yalieats: Python, Flask, HTML, CSS, SQLite
